welcome to the man of recaps it's the
walking dead season for the group took
in all the Woodbury survivors last
season so they have a ton of new extras
to kill things are good here at the
prison Rick's doing some farming these
guys are plucking the zombie weeds one
day Rick finds this Irish chick who's
surviving and it's like hey take me back
to your camp I got three questions to
ask see if you can join us she takes her
back to her camp but her husband's the
zombie head and she's like huh I'm gonna
kill you and feed him to him she's like
you know what I'm crazy I'm just gonna
stab myself to be with my husband by the
way what were your three questions he's
like how many walkers he killed how many
people he killed
and why Daryl leads a supply run to the
supermarket unfortunately lots of
zombies on the roof and they do fall
down the group makes it out though
without any casualties except for this
one the kid who's a new guy dating Beth
Herschel's daughter Daryl's like sorry
about your boyfriend she's like I'm not
really expecting any my boyfriends to
last long in the show this other new guy
is such a loser that he dies of like the
flu so he comes back to the zombie
starts eating the other people which in
turn makes more zombies so pretty soon
they're over on now they do manage to
kill him although Hershel was a
veterinarian he's like this disease
seems like Pig flu Rick's like actually
now that you mention it I do have a sick
Pig Herschel's I get pig flu called it
one of the guys who died had these two
little daughters Carol's been having
story time with all the kids but she's
been secretly teaching them how to use
knives so she's like hey girl you got to
stab your dad in the head so he doesn't
come back to the zombie bunch of
chickens outs of Carl has to do it
herself the new black guy Tyrese has got
himself a love interest unfortunately
she gets Pig flu so it's like all right
quarantine for all the sick people he
goes to visit her but all of someone
killed the sick people and burned the
bodies he's super sad Tyrese is sister
Sasha I get sick so does Glenn so does
this new guy who's like their doctor so
Herschel's like well I can at least like
make some herbal tea for them act a
great risk to his own health the supply
runners go to get some medicine they do
run into some trouble with zombies but
they get the meds just fine fortunately
this guy's bag is almost lost there but
they managed to save it Daryl's like
wait a minute this is just booze this is
all you got it's like yeah you guys had
a ton of meds I figured we could use
some booze Rick goes all CSI to figure
out who killed the sick people and
somehow he realizes it's Carol she's
like yeah I did it for the good of the
group so he takes her on a run where
they find these hippies by the way who
want to join the group but of course
they die immediately
anyway Rick's like Carol you're banished
because we don't kill living she's like
you know I thought I was doing a good
thing but now she is out of there she's
banished back in quarantine things are
getting out of hand and there's also
some trouble with the fences that they
have to deal with but luckily the guys
get back with the medicine just in time
to save all the named characters and the
day is saved except that the governor is
outside yeah where's he been at the end
of last season he gunned down all his
own civilians and drove off with his
loyal lieutenants who decide they're
going to abandon him the first chance
they get he goes back to Woodbury burns
it down starts wandering the earth
was an awesome Ron Burgundy depression
beard eventually he finds these two hot
sisters they give him some SpaghettiOs
they've got a daughter that reminds him
of his own daughter so he shaves and
like has a reason to live again they're
sick dad dies turns into zombie so he
has to take him out this traumatizes all
of them so they decide to leave they go
on the road even though they're all
sharing one big bed he starts banging
the one sister and one day they're
running from zombies he falls in this
hole and it's his old friend lieutenant
it's like hey we got this other camp now
I'm the boss now and the governor is
like yeah that's cool they've got a nice
little camp it notably has a tank
awesome and he's just hanging out with
his friend it's great but he decides to
take him out he's like yeah actually I'm
gonna be in charge now one day some
zombies get into camp he uses this as an
excuse to rally the whole group and like
tell him we need to go take up the
prison so he goes over there he captures
Michonne and Hershel and he drives up
with the tank he's like yo what's up
brick just let us have a prisoner with
him kill him Rick's like yo why are you
guys following him he's crazy he's like
oh I'm crazy see how crazy I am I cut
off his head with the katana yeah so
they have to shoot it out it's this
whole thing sadly back at camp his
surrogate daughter gets bit by an one
zombie so our mom comes and is like I
don't know is dead he's like all my only
reason to stay sane so he's like it's
take time let's just bring the walls
down he and Rick have a final showdown
but Michonne stabs him in the heart so
that's how he dies goodbye governor
Daryl's like yo I can take out a tank no
problem with my awesome Call of Duty
skills but without the walls the prison
is totally overrun the group is all
split up now Rick and Carl find a house
Rick's out of commission for an episode
so Carl's like oh man no damn rules I'm
gonna eat a whole tub of pudding
Michonne makes herself some new zombie
bodyguards we get a flashback to see she
had a boyfriend and brother who were her
originals anyway she meets up with Rick
and Carl cool for them Tyrese made it
out with probably Shane's baby and the
other two girls
luckily Carol comes back she was nearby
and she chooses not to tell Tyreese it
was her who killed his girlfriend for
now they find the sign for a place
called terminus and I well let's go
there Maggie made it out with some other
peeps she's still with Glenn by the way
she put him on the bus but then like the
bus left without her so she's like okay
let's find the bus it's all over in
zombies so they take out everyone there
but luckily no Glenn where is Glenn he's
back at the prison still so he dresses
up in some high-level fallout armor and
he finds the surviving sister who's like
sorry I attacked you I thought the
governor was a good guy so these two
bust out of there and they find these
three badass looking people led by
Abraham was this military guy turns out
they're on a secret mission to get to
Washington DC because this guy Eugene is
a top scientist to fix the zombie
outbreak it's like really got the mullet
anyway some zombies show up so they have
to take him out but unfortunately they
hit the truck so they're out of gas
blends like I'm gonna go find Maggie and
these guys are like well I guess we go
with him for now Daryl and Beth made it
out together they have a fun time
camping eating snake steaks but then
she's like yeah this sucks let's get
drunk so they find this Country Club
she's like huh all they have is peach
schnapps is that good Daryl
no that is not good we're going to go to
a cabin where there's a bunch of
moonshine so these guys have a good time
drinking moonshine unfortunately as
happens if you drink moonshine they end
up fighting and then and I'm crying and
then end up deciding to burn their house
down
stay off the moonshine kids Rick
Michonne and Carl stand in this house
Michelle found a new shirt Rick seems to
like his though for some reason anyway
Michonne Karl go on a run but then while
Rick's home these guys bust in there so
he has to hide under the bed and he goes
the bathroom when he finds this guys we
has to kill him and Michonne and Carl
come back so they run out of there they
find the sign for terminus also and it's
like well let's go to terminus this
gangs on the way to terminus - but first
they find this real nice house and
Carol's like hey this a nice house maybe
we just stay here for a while
but this one little girl she likes to
feed the zombies because she like
doesn't think they're bache thinks
there's like still people so she tells
her sister she's okay look I'm gonna
kill my sister she's like yeah she'll be
a zombie now it'll be fun
and these guys are like oh man his crazy
chick this she's like did I do bad it's
like yeah unfortunately we're just gonna
have to put you down so that's
traumatizing these guys like yeah let's
go to terminus after all Maggie and her
gang going to terminus - she leaves a
note for Glenn to follow so as soon as
you see that he takes off running and
she's like yo man we're still a couple
miles away you can slow down anyway they
tracks lead to a scary dark tunnel so
Abraham's like yo we're goin around
because we don't want to jeopardize our
mission but Glenn's going straight
through with Hera this is full of
zombies of course and she like gives
your foot trapped so it's like okay
these two are definitely to die but the
cavalry comes in they shoot them all
down
who's there yeah it's Madden you should
join up with this other group and they
all make it to terminus terminus seems
like a nice happy place now like hey
welcome I have a burger we're definitely
not cannibals hahaha Daryl and Beth are
hanging out having an awesome coke
peanut butter pigs feet party now these
two like start flirting it's like almost
a romance art going on we all ship it
it'd be great but knock-knock it's a
bunch of zombies so then as they run
away they all get separated and Daryl
doze and he finds his car that abducted
Beth what so he takes off running after
her but you know you can't chase down a
car so he like passes out at some point
and this gang finds them and it's like
hey you seem like a badass dude why
don't you just join us and Daryl like
yeah whatever and they're like yeah
we're chasing down this guy who killed
one of our men and Daryl's like yeah
whatever unfortunately it turns out to
be Rick was the guy at the house and
Daryl's like yo no it's cool it's my
friend Rick it's like Oh your friend
Rick well in that case we're gonna beat
you up - but then Rick's like boom yeah
I'm gonna bite you in the neck I learned
that trick from the zombies so this gang
makes it to terminus they decide they're
gonna go in the back door to scope it
out but everything seems pretty cool
they're like hey what's up and this
guy's like hey what's up for super-nice
have a burger would definitely ikanbilis
I can wait a second when you get this
watch that's the Herschel's watch he
gave to Glenn stuff it's out right here
so they have like a shootout but these
guys are just shooting them at their
feet you know to hurt him there and it's
like hey we've got you surrounded now
get into this train car where the rest
of your group is hanging out so they're
all trapped in this train cart terminus
and that's how season 4 comes to an end